no I give you a quick update on it night
Kobo the minute I start filming and put
my phone in my pocket my homeboi came up
with a part now works me so I just give
you a quick update on that same show you
the branding for I said I'll put the old
one in the box at a customer tease all
watching and it'll get Brandon studs and
all sly right on over I guess I don't
forget your washer okay
there you go clean up we have an
extension here looks like that out okay
make sure you tighten them tight as you
can get it right over there a little bit
get right to it no prob like I said then
that unhooking nothing the only thing I
the leasing was that that's because it
runs through it just I took the whole
bracket off you know I had to separate
the caliper from the bracket just take
the whole bracket off rotor slides right
off get you a little milk crate like I
got you know my way can rest it on here
you don't have stress on here okay
that's another tip you can damage these
lines from just stress get you a couple
Mill Creek's you can let your stuff
right on here you know nice and easy
clean and last that all right let me
button this up and get the vehicle back
to the customer just want to give you a
quick little update on how this one back
together don't forget you bracket here
that goes with it till nice one